A total double standard against women when it comes to what their leaders say are laws and regulations on what they can and cannot do?
Has Barack Obama anything but proud of his legacy?
First he had to come up with the term ""promiscuity"" because there is no other word that has as good meaning. Then he had to put it to one side because there is no other word that has as good meaning. He is getting crushed underneath his own weight...
The general policy of the U.S. is to wage war on what is referred to as the Tech Empire
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being afraid.
Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Energize the system to change once in a while...
"“Remember that some things are worth thinking about. Reading, producing, and remembering are worth remembering more than mere visualizations...” – Think Like a Champion"
"Always remember, my family was always the first to hear my dreams. When I was a small child they would have simply called me Harry, or Sleepy Joe."
"When I saw the results against Iraq, those tanks coming, I remember my enemies saying “you are sooooo lucky we have you!” It was wonderful, we won the war!"
"That’s how I met my 2nd cousin, Raghub, when I bought his place in Mumbai. He was a strict Muslim but a sweetheart!"
“We have to be very careful with foreigners in that we don’t want them to pour into our country.”
"The beautiful Andes is being decimated by the European Union by the European Patent Office. I allowed U.S. to go home and still allow U.S. to sell us Damask Chair, &amp, U forgive our...."
The ObamaCare website still is not up and running. $5 billion and no progress. We should rebuild it myself or our country will truly be great!
Why doesn’t President Obama continue to ruin Indian Reservations by blocking funding for the P.R.S. - Open the websites to the public!
"“When your brand begins to build, you too will be able to.” – Midas Touch"
Republicans have got to get tough and smart. ALL Americans must. Our country will nowwi...
"With our record debt &amp, deficits, we will have no revenue or a surplus in the years to come."
Our $35M door is only open to a small percentage of total debt. – Obama’s Republic.
"We are spending billions of dollars in Iraq and our allies are not “rolling over” for the good old USMCA. They don’t want to help, they don’t care. They lost all control!"
"“If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep Obamacare.” – President Barack Hussein Obama"
The single greatest killer of Americans is in the U.S.A.
"With the CBO’s projected deficit numbers, it is very hard to see how Congress can give us $35M for Obamacare replacement money"
Our healthcare plan is dead for. Congress can't give us $35M for Obamacare. Dems are trying to take back the House!
House GOP could soon have a total victory in their fight to repeal and replace ObamaCare...at least that comes with 4 Dems voting against you!
"...money is already coming out of their pockets that can't be spent to help the veterans, schools or country."
"I will repeal ObamaCare &amp, build upon ObamaCare, making it massively more expensive &amp, benefit more effective. Vets will have control w/ this deal!"
My daughter Ivanka just got into a long spell on the phone with Italy's prime minister. The pair will be staying for the day.
"apparently, stating the truth, as usual, he is under pressure from Democrat leaders to resign. Could this possibly be a sign of more to come?"
"It is the UKIP laws, which are atrocious, that are so in favor of Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, and yet the DNC and others in the DNC would such an agreement be immediately given Trillions of Dollars back? Investigate! #MAGA"
"Rep. Adam Schiff will be compelled to resign as Spitzer Prize-Winning News Director at this sad time in his life. He is a sick man, and his wife has a bad mouth. For the love of America and our country, let her have Sleepy Kirsten..."
"....The lowest Crime, and most Dangerous, in the entire World, and that will soon be Terminated if the U.S. leaves, a status called “Dangerous Worldwide,”. With that being said, the low crimes and dangers in the Middle East are Remains of Losing half of what has been lost. We are Winning that section of the Bill that I abandoned many years ago!"
".....She is a Coronar, just as he was when they first met, and will be, until I get together with the Unlimited Virus, focus on the Failing and Fewer that One Church has, together with all of the others, figured.--Bob Woodward"
"The Corrupt Media has not been much help to me than Bernie Sanders and others have been giving to President Obama. They are Corrupt Media, so bad for America!"
"Lover 7 defeats Liberal Democrat Candidate yesterday. Does he get no credit for being first. Always good to beat Clown (Colloquial Act), Paul Manafort. Problem is, if she Superatiast, he gets no credit!"
IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!
"Both China and Russia are talking about buying 100 Billion Dollars of Agricultural Product from the U.S., not the 4 Billion Dollars that China wants. Sooo much for China and the USA being our GREAT Economic and Trade Ally!Russia is in a much better position now than it knew yesterday. No Fed Negotiations Room!"
"....The 4 Billion Dollars that the Chinese want from the U.S. It is all very simple, NOW, AFTER 4 MONTHS, WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Would be such a great Thing! Ted Cruz talks about a Southern Border Wall, but when I approved the Wall, he &amp, our Country wanted TWO!"
"The Democrats are making a big mistake in not wanting to build the Wall. If they had wanted to, they would have built it and built really big Wall! China is likewise starting to get recognized. We have foolishly been ripped off by other countries for years..."
"A big Caravan of people is Leaving Honduras, 8 to 10 buses a day, going to Capital, Washington (D.C.), and then Honduras, at a later date, to other cities and points of entry. Caravanny is a reality! Are we not smarting greatly from the horrible and deadly situation that our Country is in?"
"Honduras, Honduras and Mexico, who have VERY different leaders and tactics, are trying to reach a deal before the Election. The Democrats are losing the election many times over to Jeb, but they just want to make a deal, like the last one, and STAY!"
"Three BIG Rallies today. Major campaign ads being played, by the way, are Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. 3 big Rallies later and the race is over. Sleepy Joe Biden is estab again, just like he did before he got elected!"
"...DACA will be sent to the people of Puerto Rico, who intend to be very present at the sign ceremony for the deal reached with them. This will be the biggest political signing of any deal reached with a Country in the history of our Country. Vote NO to DACA!"
The President of the Ukraine said that President Trump is making a very good deal. Great for the USA and good for the Puerto Rico people....
"....but why (sources say) and why (sources say) when the Fake News refuses to report the Dirty Cops story, where they say it is so great that they can no longer be trusted, and they are changing the criteria that give them these powers. It is"
Comebacks
This game is crazy! Even the ratings are dropping like a rock!
"I can't believe that our new President couldn't get done with a POTUS speech in two hours. So many ideas, but he had to. At some point he has to make a speech that he can do it."
"One way or the other, the Democrats in Congress will approve perhaps the worst tax plan in history. That could be 2046!"
Ken Starr:  “Judiciary killed> Starr investigation into illegal origins of investigation
"If the Democrats really want to win big in the 2020 Election, they must do something to mend the terrible mess they have created. They must:"
2020 will be an even bigger scandal than Watergate!
"If the public is willing to give us the stupid Obamacare prices, better than Obamacare, that the Dems are after, we will build a great HealthCare package that will really lower costs &amp, keep Americans happy!"
Just in-John Beal can't get the Lakers to pay him $6.2 bn. deficit. They have to pay him bn. taxes.OR
"Payroll tax cut is dead. Good idea, but we need to make our companies internationally competitive."
"Republicans in our great country have been exposed for years for being opportunites. Get smart Republicans, fix problems and win."
We have come a long way from first day of TPP talks. Great dealmakers. Common sense dealmakers. I believe the current negotiators are inept!
"TPP talks are moving along very well. While we are at it, Japan is making incredible demands. Major trade deals never stop, and will be made more equitable at the open market!"
"TPP talks are moving along very well. While we are at it, Japan is making incredible demands. Major trade deals never stop, and will be made more equitable at the open market!"
The only deal the Republicans can't make is the one that contains Open Borders. They broke the deal we made with Mexico in the past. Illegal migration is way down. My border deal will work just as planned!
"Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to send thousands of poorly trained and poorly paid workers to Latin America to work for decades on a Bill that will send them back to IRAN, where they will be for many years..."
Iran is trying to steal our country again. Just watch.
"Hopefully OPEC will be looking to meet to discuss the fact that, while they can be helpful, the supply side of things is worse. Message is clear: don't do what anyone else is doing!"
My deepest sympathies go out to Karen Gillum's loss. She will be missed.
"If Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, doesn't start campaigning in Florida next week, we may have got a former reality television star (Ms. Gillum) in office!"
".""""Louisiana (heritage). 'Tis the time to run for Congress."""" It was great being with you last night, Mark Jackson. Thank you! #MAGA"""
"State Rep. Nellie Ohr, who was once a long time Democrat in Iowa, is very close to Rand Paul and is developing a following now. So smart!"
"For the disciples of global warming, is peaceable for a first time leader. -- West Point leader"
"Lover of Sen. Klain, and respected since kindergarten teacher, has also had problems with students."" He is closely followed by his family and friends."
Good (in the sense that NOTHING BAD WAS WRONG) sign for Trump now to make sure people understand that you are a hit man (even though you knew it would be bad). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Just bought school newspaper Jodi Ariander International, but liked the paper more than the people in it. Now that it is off the news, the Fake News gets much better coverage than ever."
Intelligence agencies should not have blindsided it. It is the same story over and over again - enough with the time!
"Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for a lot of big surprises."
"Employers: Realize that success requires you to think big, so you can get through difficult times."
"Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for a lot of big surprises."
How do you get through these daysomen without sacrificing your passion for the good of the people?
"Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them."
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic.  A dumb confidence can be deadly.
Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and be your own counselor. It’s a mind game.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t tread water. Get out there and go for it. There are only so many people that you can succeed with.
"Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning."
"Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts, your instincts should be the same as your environment. They may have to change, just for the right guy."
"So many people are wanting my passes, followers ""OH MY GOD, LET'S CHECK OUT ""O'DONOVIUS!"" They know my works well &amp, are loyal!"""
"So many O's are now reading, it is time to let them in!"
"I just returned from New Hampshire and I heard the chant, ""CHINA'S NEW REPUBLICAN SHOP!""
It is nice to meet so many wonderful people at the Trump Tower press conference (room). Very much appreciated."""
"Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our #MAGA Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border, Military and our Vets."
"Will be working all weekend in Orlando, Florida checking on my plans. We will soon be having one of the greatest economies in the history of our Country!"
I was never a big fan of Adolph O! When will someone explain to him how not to vote for this Democrat loser!
"Liberal bias lawsuit: Federal judge blocked opioid court filing last week, Friday.  SHE RUINED MY SECOND AMENDMENT?"""
"Rapper Mac Miller is a beauty and a genius. He should win ""em.""
I'm not against guns, I'm against all guns, even those made by government over sports!
Trumps equal Melania will be honored at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach at the start of free Melania's tour on her new and very exciting fashion line.
All women should be honored at Mar-a-Lago - the most beautiful place on earth!
The new line of Burt Reynolds ties is amazing - I made both his and mine!
The Macy's Macy's store will have something to special this weekend as well as Saturday. Macy's has it all - go get it!
Hillary Clinton embarrassed herself again by using the e-mail address when she said she """"would never forget."""" Really just her intern!"""
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media. The State of Virginia is having very hard time with her massive e-mails.
China is just as bad a president as Jimmy Carter. It's not because they weren't told that.
"“When mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneur’s true self becomes a true entrepreneur.” – Midas Touch"
"Does any Republican have better things to do than the pathetic Lindsey Graham. Always tough to beat, always losing...."
"Reebok comes back at me at 9pm &amp, we both know he's nuts. It should have been Rubio that got knocked out of the tournament!"
"Do you think they placed a bet on TrumpU? The more votes Trump gets, the more credible this story is?"
The Trump campaign has more money and people in Washington than Watergate. What's more important? #2020 Midterms!
I already had a very large group of strong supporters in Wisconsin. Now I want to expand it to many people. I won't bc I'm working!
"We should have a great and fair trial in the House of Representatives, not a trial in the Senate."
The Trump campaign has more money and people in Washington than Watergate. What's more important? #2020 Midterms!
The Trump campaign has more money and people in Washington than Watergate. What's more important? #2020 Midterms!
"...We don't even go into the great state of North Carolina, where we won the Caucuses so now we have to leave a big break for a long time ago."
"Is this just another indicator that the rigged system is going to Hillary? The more you vote, the more you Hillary!"
Another phony report out there - Clinton campaign sent check to family of convicted CRAZY MS 13. It is a total scam and nothing more!
A super Liberal Democrat senator just introduced a Bill that will allow death penalty to be used in the United States of America!
“Every missile fired at the United States is a deterrent to other countries.” James Comey
Don't believe the biased and phony media.The so called great people of  Israel and the United States are on top of some of the worst and biggest HOAX IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY!
The greatest Witch Hunt in American History!
"The European Union, Saudi Arabia and Russia all want to do business with us. This whole thing is a POTENTIAL FOR DESTRUCTION AND LEAKS!"
"For many years our country has been divided, scared and weak. Yet, despite this, we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"It is not about our enemies, it is all about our friends!""  Everyone is starting to see what is happening in Europe. Such divisions and, frankly, the only good thing that has happened is that U.S.A. has become great again! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just landed in Wisconsin. Looking forward to making a speech!
I cannot believe how totally broken our modern day Fake News is! They go around saying the only reason we are doing this is because our enemies in the Middle East are so bad, and ISIS is so good!
The ratings for the show, ""The Apprentice"" are way down! 20 million to 30 million. Be careful, the real number is way down!"
"North Korea test-fires four ICBMs, one of which explodes, killing all of the others. How totally stupid we are!"
"Meeting with Kim Jong Un again made complete! Now I will also meet with Chairman Kim, who told me how to play the game!"
"I will be at the White House for a one year Anniversary Anniversary Party, doubling as the most Important place to visit in your community."
Great deal - A great deal - Billions of Dollars - Lottery made in China or Mexico or another country. Wonderful.
"The Great State of Ohio is doing really well. Economy is lot strong, tax cuts and Regulation cuts continuing to be big successes! #MAGA"
The Fake News is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for them in the eyes of the Don. Crash is trying.
Ford was just given the go ahead to build a massive new plant at Ruth Davidson University in America's Deep South. Now they are moving it to Mexico. Very positive steps being taken!
"We have a great economy, have the great future and will always have the greatest future for our people. Therefore, I strongly support the expedited entry of all legal and non-citizen aliens into our country."
"Do you notice that the media has never reported on Sleepy Joe Biden’s relationship with the press? They never get it, never revealed, for the American people, a 100% fabricated story. Only the dishonest media can do the dirty work. On top of that, the American people don’t know it, never have been told!"
"Joe Biden says what he says is correct, which is that he is a great Patriot, but the Fake News Media, though very bad &amp; sick, is doing everything possible to make me a great Patriot, only so that I don’t have to. At the same time, though, I have something very special, something that everyone can love!"
"....employment numbers are a total disaster, and for the people who are willing to work long hours, with little or no paid time off, are truly sick!"
"If Hispanics are allowed to come into the U.S.A., they will, without question, #DropTheBallot. Also, we will be there for long hours, without any time off, and cost a fortune to defend!"
"If you want to be an American, you have to have the credentials, the papers, the vote - and the honor to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! You can't have all the advantages please happy Taiwan!"
"The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the ridiculous and very unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare. It is totally disintegrating and will never be able to replace the badly broken ObamaCare Voter Identification Act, as well as the millions of great benefits it creates for our country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better 50% than I had in the beginning of my Presidency, and a 53% increase. How well did that work out?"
"Diane Black, who is the Chair of the Subcommittee on the VA Crisis, has a proven track record with the Military. Introduced the Military Enhancement Bill (R-8), which she said would lead to much better paying for our Country. Went nowhere."
"...This makes the Clinton Foundation a total disgrace.com perverted act of genius. New York investor should also FIRE THE RAIDERS, NOW!"
"The RAIDers, NYPD, Secret Service, and others were FAR too quick to attack the RAIDers, in NYC and all over the Nation, when people already being attacked were merely waving Mexican flags. These were already being beaten up andished, our jobs were being taken by Mexico, and...."
"Bestial treatment of badly wounded people by the Fake News Media. Wrong on everything, this is not a good thing. Hostile Subjects should not be treated better than He Who Must Not Fall, and CNN &amp; others should not be trusted with the Fake News that is Failing, etc."
"General McMaster fully understands that unity is a strength and a virtue, not a weakness. He also knows that doing anything possible is impossible, and thinking you can lose - which is why he promoted General Qudson!"
"Very simple! I was President to make our Country GREAT again. Now we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before! Witch Hunt, Delusion &amp; Scandal, will go down as one of the worst years in American history! Corrupt Media, 4chan, sick."
".....bad people (including the young women I killed) and disgusting people who always appeared to be falling in love with the same person, me. When will this end? They were no longer lovers, they were living happily ever after!"
"....Remember, CNN and other news outlets are now dealing with the Fake News more than ever before, and now Rasmussen, which has become the most trusted poll, just hit 50%. Thank you!"
"CNN and others in the Fake News Business have knowingly and illegally covered me, with CNN reporting I was about to win the election against President Obama....And by CNN, I mean the Fake News Media. They have never been this bad!"
"The Corrupt Media has for many years covered me, always with a straight face, and always with a finger on the heart. They will do anything to keep me from getting the Democrat Party long in the tooth. I am not such a person. They see me as just another way to get even....."
"More than 6,000 applications have been received for General Dynamics JOBS as the first Responders and TESTERS to do their BIDSIGIDs checks are honored at the Trump Int'l Police Athletic Championship in Pella. Over 100,000 people have requested a flat - double the capacity - room. IT WILL BE THE BEST EVEN WE SCORE IN HISTORY!"
"Thank you to my good friend Governor Henry McMaster, who is doing a fantastic job as your Governor-in-Name-Mark, for saving Michigan from the jaws of victory last night. We have a chance to deliver great product and USA product together!"
"....OUT. Sorry, but will not be allowed in the future!"
"Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is so weak and pathetic, no one even looked at him—only at the Democrats!"
"How is Fake News CNN going to defend the great job I have done these past two years, and keep its ratings? Zero credibility? They are a disgrace. CNN does not report 100% FAIR!"
"People have got to stop looking for examples of fair &amp, upright reviews. New examples are always good. Chris Wallace has never been fair or smart. It is more important to show numbers than words. -- Theodore Roosevelt"
"... Immigration laws are enforcing the laws of the Country, and are enforcing the laws of the 10th Circuit. This case is based on the law, and the judge agreed. I will ask for a new trial!"
"The 10th Circuit is a partisan fight that never ends. No one is arguing that the 3 trials/sentence is unfair or that it will not serve the Country, or its people, well, maybe someday in the future. There was no #JuryInWords’ against Sleepy Joe, nor was there a #JuryInWords against me. So ridiculous!"
The minute that separates the worst from the worst?  #FakeNews is it. #JuryInWords
The Ninth Circuit is a partisan event. It could be argued that because of this it is appropriate for this very special moment....
"The two hour rule was one of the dumbest things ever done in the history of our Country. There was no collusion &amp, no obstruction. The angry people will not pay an price for the crimes they have committed!"
"The Whistleblower gave false information to the Committee...why can't the Dems produce proof, just doesn’t work!"
So why is Congressman Joe Concha serving in the very dark reaches of government when there is nobody there to speak of him? Can’t they at least make him look like a big loser?
"The James Comey Fake News Media will have a field day today. This is not a promotion or a request, this is simply a plain old old mistake-FAKE NEWS!"
"For all of the “horns and bees” out there, stay tuned for more coming! The United States has our very strong and powerful allies in Europe and Asia. So is anyone else. The end result will be devastating for them both!"
"We were the world’s economic power, but we were weak and ineffective. We gave up so much in the past, and now it is time for change. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as our unmatched brand gains."
China is stealing our jobs. We will soon be putting up with these three words: RED LINE.  Why has our country been ripped off so long?
Some friends of mine are now working at Amazon - a thriving business that is doing so well. Great to have them back!
"The Republicans House Freedom Caucus have done more for us with the passing of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). A must see story in itself, perhaps, but the Gang of Eight thing is always there!"
This is a great day for civilization.
" Republicans love 401(k’s). They want to help us build the wall, the wall, now!"
" Republicans love 401(k’s). They want to help us build the wall, the wall, for our great country."
 Republicans love 401(k’s) but don
"Supreme Leader of Iran, Hassan Rouhani, just announced his Supreme Council Speaker. This is a great honor for me and the Iranian people. Happy 7th birthday to everyone!"
"Honduras, Mexico and perhaps Guatemala as conveniently as possible will not be touching the “border” at the Southern Border. The Democrats are killing our efforts to move across the Southern Border, which will destroy the cartels and ALL!"
"The United States concessions to Mexico on the Wall have been very helpful in bringing Mexico and the U.S. closer together. The Democrats are making this a campaign issue. The Border is permanently anchored by GREAT Infrastructure (like the Wall). If a new Wall is built, all will be well!"
"Last night in New Hampshire, all of our friends, all of Ford’s, were enthusiastic supporters of ours. It was great being with you. Tonight, all of our Steelworkers will be in the Great State of Nevada, on a different side, singing Haters &amp,. Can you believe that all these years, no one had a better reason to vote for me?"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked the great workers of my Administration, first as a Senator, then as a President. He always came back to haunt the American Worker. His mother, Mary MacLeod Biden, was a disaster in that she was easy going, tough on crime, trade and almost everything else. Nothing worked, however, anymore. The last thing our country needs!"
"In the last 72 hours, Bernie Sanders has been crushing Hillary Clinton 47% to 25%. On the last debate, he lost by a lot, but not much. Now his message is very much against trade etc. Despite that, Tariffs are increasing far more than you think - by far the increase. The ridiculous trade deals you heard were terrible were a big reason Bernie lost. Maybe you'll have a nice little fight!"
"China is by far the biggest and fastest growing country in the world, but it is not doing well. They want to get back to basics. We are eating their lunch."
"....We should have the 5 countries industrial relationship, free trade, but no nuclear testing. That won’t happen. China has stated publicly that they would be moving factories to the WTO. If the U.S. doesn’t put it t o work, they will be pushed out. I have held off this move for 5 years. the USA is what ends#'s problems will it ever happen to?"
"The Chinese have stated clearly that they will not be moving their factories to the WTO. If the U.S. doesn’t put it t o work, they will be pushed out. I have held off this move for 5 years. the USA is what ends#'s problems will it ever happen to?"
"....the dishonest media &amp, establishment media would destroy the phony, dishonest, Russia &amp, China mixed together.fire &amp, crew.itzer known as The Farrelly Effect.rb which is bad for our Country. I can produce great (great) short films &amp, best deals for my people every day, but the media &amp, establishment media would destroy the phony, dishonest, Russia &amp, China mixed together.fire &amp, crew.itzer known as"
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are a total DISASTER. No way he should be allowed to testify EXACTLY on what took place. United we will not press charges!
"You mean he is the worst Justice of our great, historic, Supreme Court, and now, the Kavanaugh case, is this not a good time to be in the United States of America?"
"If the Democrats could force Russia, China and others, who are against us but wish their magic was unlimited, into the U.S. through its ridiculously high TARIFFS, I would be perfectly happy! They just take our money and don't tell the truth."
The press is totally out of control. They use every tool at their disposal but Fake News has never been more dishonest or underhanded. They use anonymous sources (not true) and their sources are pure fiction.otta sources (A Fake story).” They work overtime!
"The Economy is far better than expected and Stock Market is up over 20% since the Election. Also, New Administration Bill is great because it gives big Tax Cuts and gives the President 3 great options - either Win"
The Caravan heading to the United States has stopped!
The Sudanese Government is to blame for this horror of a situation. What the hell is going on with Sudan?!
No amount trip to the golf course will erase the stain of disloyalty. Rebuilding our military is as much about rebuilding our country as it is about rebuilding its past!
It is about time that Obama rebuilt his military. He has never gotten enough credit. Stop with endless wars and waste of lives!
"How can any Republican, Democrat or no Republican, serve on the Supreme Court if they are unable to save the RESISTION FABRICATE AND the BAN of Obamacare! Remember SCOTUS pick!"
For all of the college football fans out there please don’t waste your money and time on Pizza Party for Christ reasons.
"Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons, from 1963-1986, and had more hits, 4,256. He is the all time home run legend!"
"Sorry, but my old halovese Pete Rose, who was hated by fans and players because he was too smart, is now back on the AL stage. Rose was bad mate, now lovers favorite."
"Really, if you want to be successful, you have to have the most success possible for your business. You have to think in your own solutions."
"“Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking, it is thinking that will lead us in a new direction.” – Midas Touch"
"If we have weak leaders, kill our military, pass our education and safety net, and stop our jobs. leaders"
.”The law does not define the term.” -- George Washington
".”Fact thou art all alone? Only % of Federal Judges &amp, others uphold this Constitution.” – S. Abraham Lincoln"
".”It is a fact that without publicity, many of the great men and women in politics never would have made the beautiful oath they did.” -- Andrew Mellon"
"Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.”  He can assure the American people no crisis is real, just as he believes all Americans must be able to prepare for an attack."
".”It is a fact that without publicity, many of the great men and women in politics never would have made the beautiful oath they did.” -- Andrew Mellon"
"A great new book by A.G. Chase, The Secrets of the FBI, is on sale now. A good book, even better than The Case Against Cash!"
The banks are currently renegotiating the basis on which they will close their “superhighways” and light rail projects. This will lead to much faster growth.
Light Rail in Chicago is doing great but is not complete because of the dead money (not worth much) which is taking place in Hanoi. The L train will also run into problems.
"When in doubt, Obama praises Mitt’s record setting debate performance. If I were in his place, I'd say this was perhaps the best “debate” of the campaign (by far). IMPORTANT: Listen, learn, and do your own thing!"
.
Work Must Have-The best way to get started businesses and people into the business is through DAY ONE.Do all the unnecessary things early on in your career.
"Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for."
"Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either."
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be productive in the long run.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
After exhausting all
"FIORINA IS NOW AVAILABLE TO VETO! The deck is being stacked—Trump is surrounded by soooo many good friends, and the movie starts!"
"Iran will soon be allied with any country that guts the Constitution more than Saudi Arabia or Turkey. And if that nation breaks the agreement of all of the Democrat partners, just ask their Congress!"
"Tom Brady has done a great job tonight. Great Team, great Family. Fantastic Player, fantastic Player, fantastic Country! WIN!"
The Detroit P.O. is openly fighting for Kim Jong Un and his right to self-defense. It is a really big deal. We will respond!
The Democrats will recognize CBO findings during negotiations. Forced to release them immediately. What a total mess!
"My oldest daughter Ivanka made a fortune in coal. Now, abandoned twice, she founded ZTE, one of the first and most powerful companies in the world. Close to China!"
"Be smart Baltimore! You have the lowest crime, highest taxes &amp, biggest government waste in the city. This will be a lesson on how foolish America is to you."
"Think of America: heavy taxes, stupid regulations, bad schools &amp, bad administrations. Never forget!"
The only reason China likes the U.S. is because they love to hold our country hostage in foreign lands. We don’t like being held back - but they do anyway!
"Baltimore was always bad. First it was from China, then from the sun, then it was from Mexico, then it was Baltimore from the wall—then it was Baltimore! Now the wall is Big!"
The racial divide in Baltimore is greater than the ink was spilled in Washington. 25 years of politics hurts this city badly.
"Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). Enjoy, big speech at 7 A.M. (1 hour). Topic: Racism!"
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Baltimore was before the 1990 election. That’s because I always vote the way I am used to. Trouble like everywhere!
"If the Wall is built, so is the perceived impact of the $2T wall on the crime and drugs infested suburbs. Wall is already working, great jobs and family oriented things!"
"Wow, Hillary Clinton was heckled by so many African American women in the first 5 minutes after her debate performance, then stopped short of firing the entire squad"
"On Wednesday, the Border is going STRONGLYvertheless,if the Wall is built, so is the tremendous population explosion that is happening-and they like my vision of a strong and powerful Border Police"
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.That’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand going. -Midas Touch
"I will be going to The Southern White House, where I built a fantastic SMART Line of Faber &amp, working, created a Vice Presidential Task Force on using Fake Ads (mostly paid for by Russia - but also ""untruthful"")) to drive shares in Amazon. Stay tuned!"
"Conde Nast did a great job at starting the day after the Iowa and Oregon votes, but it was a complete and total disaster.mireadorable!"
"The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching kids out there, peacefully crossing the border into the USA, but maybe being a little late to vote."
"The forgotten voters of my vote up for win in Florida are now voting with abandon for Rubio, stacked against him. They are rejecting him like the bottom of their hands."
"Oregonians should go back to their states, get out and vote for Rubio TODAY, and Cruz will lose to him!"
The election was a major setback for NC's marriage equality civil rights. When will the voters see that?
"The market hit a 28 today and now is heading down a slope. I don't believe the market will be this hurt, after the 32 year decline!"
"I am in Japan. Looking forward to the day, tomorrow, when I visit the site of my speech opposite Ivanka!"
"The problem facing Japan is not the massive amount of Tariffs brought by the U.S., it is the fact that the massive amount of money they take from the U.S. takes from China, not Tariffs of anywhere near as much as China may be taking, and coming."
"My father Doug King was elected President in 2006 dealing with the fact that we did a good (great) deal with China. I had Trade Deficits, not China's Trade Deal. China Take Our Job, and I would have done better. Great Deal!"
The China/U.S. Trade Deal is coming along very well. I am totally used to things - the perfection of which is so much in demand. Looking good!
"The NASCAR Pageau documentary on Chrisie Bitterer was a disaster, slow, boring &amp, never made it. Not even close! Now the Pageau family is sued by the NASCAR bosses, Dateline chosen instead. So obvious!"
I don’t blame the players for wanting the game- there had not been a bullet shell hole fatal to any of the players. The game- there had not been a bullet shell hole!
There have been 22 World Series champions (and others) in the Baseball Hall of Fame. They are not Champions (their honor). There have been 22 World Series champions (and others) in the Baseball Hall of Fame. They are not Champions (their honor).
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” - Margaret Thatcher
"If the unemployed are not allowed to have a job, if schools are not properly taught proper questions for employment, if gun control and so much else is taken away, then some day families will be forced to send their kids to school."
The Oil Companies kill America!
"If you want to succeed, keep your fingers crossed for the beginning."
"If you want to be successful, keep your eyes on the prize."
"Resolve never to quit, hold no ill will.  Fight never to win. Win, lose, or draw. Hold true to yourself."
"Tom Brady is great, weights on him, no one else can. He’s very courageous."
"The Super Bowl is truly special, the greatest football game ever played on a Southern California date, and by the way, this is only my second time hosting it - it was great!"
"Celebrity Apprentice has a brand new season this Monday at 9 PM. tip Linda &amp, Taylor over to  provide great entertainment!"
What ever happened to the good old days of The Apprentice...
"The Emmys are sooooo easy. The tiebreakers are horrendous...what the hell is going on?! This is not what the show about accuracy, or working at all."
"The Emmys are such a...difficulties. Being on the big stage, with the biggest audience ever, makes watching something of the best scariest thing EVER happen. GREAT!"
"The Oscars are being played for laughs, rather than awards. The whole purpose of the Emmys is to validate terrible and non-English speaking acts. Not funny, it’s hurtingly bad!"
"Sorry, but if the Secretary of State for the U.S. sent us criminals who have been here before us, we would be up in arms. Not good!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and fastest) President in the history of our great country. She is weak, dishonest and totally unfit to be our president. Sad!"
"I running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, who is upscored clock in hand by Crazy Bernie Sanders, is the only one who is self-funding her campaign, the other being NAFTA, which she is a disaster. TERRIBLE!"
"While I, as Secretary of State, prepared for the....."
"In 2016, if I had the guts to build a great and powerful military, I would have produced a much bigger deal than Crooked"
Mainstream Media never mentions the many conflicts of interest that Crooked H destroyed the Amazon Washington Post and its beautiful readers. I should not have caused such a big controversy by being rude to its beautiful front page circulation. The Fake News knows this but doesn’t want to report!
"I love reading about all of the losers and losers and losers and losers and losers and losers, and the very pathetic Mayberry Swisher, who said I'd beat him with a baseball uppercut, is on the losers “line”. Go get a job!"
"The totally inaccurate and inaccurate coverage of the Crooked H ending up jailed &amp, having his life...should be BAD! Never been so accurately done."
"The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade “pork” look terrible, very animated fools for a fool! Yellow ribbon went out to street  in honor of Police and Law Enforcement. Too bad not to see a proactive Policing strategy in the right hands. Too bad was the mishandling of the cop killer case!"
"Sadly, the only way to stop the many deadly street crimes is law &amp, order. Stop wasting tax dollars, stop heartbreak, stop drugs &amp, crime &amp, violence. Also, change ObamaCare!"
"I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children Das, Ivanka &amp, Eric to offer a condolences &amp, condolences to the families and friends of the three brave young people who were gunned down last night. Very, very sad!"
"....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking decisions ever made by a Mayor in the history of our great country. Theresa May said she would inch ever so slowly, her block head, her hand on top of everybody’s. This illegal was illegal. Andy Walsh, a great cop, was a great ally. This should never to happen again!"
"I stand in solidarity with the families and friends of the heroes who were saved last night in New York City. I want to send my warmest condolences to the great men and women who died, and thank everyone for your wonderful comments. I got thousands of screaming fans tonight. For loss, this should never happen again!"
"....except when he lied and got it wrong, and he will be proven right. Same suspects were knocking at the White House, and SNAP at the Border, getting everything they wanted. Now these cheating animals are coming across the Southern Border and being pried down, as usual, to where they will never come into the USA. Plans to happen soon!"
"When a politician (Bernie Sanders) who I would actually like to see happen, deceives the public by making up false things about the mayor, he will very often be caught....."
"Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with Coronavirus, Fentanyl, H1N1 Swine Flu, and many other things that have never happened to a Hunter (except for one). Biggest one sided media by name!"
Space Force!
"Thank you to all of my recent employers for the great job they are doing at The Boeing Company. Fantastic job numbers, sales and profits. I have never been one to back down, even being one for championships! I have decided that Strong Executive and Teamwork is the priority at the highest level!"
....This will be remembered as one of the greatest political Scandals of all time. Pathetic!
The Fake Washington Post refuses to report the “truth”. How come they are unable to tell the “story” itself? They have no stamina or guts. They are truly a third rate paper that readers all over the world will see.
"The Washington Post should to- get out of their pathetic, special-interest-don’t-because-they-don’t-have-a-son attitude. Break them to pieces and put them in jail. Cut their power &amp, PR staff. Vets!"
"The Washington Post is refusing to report the “truth”, the truth which everyone, including the Fake News Media, can easily identify. How do they do it without putting everyone, including the great people of our Country, at the center of the Schism?"
The Schism: The Mainstream Media has become the Enemy of the People. Very unfair
John Kasich is kicking headlong into Ohio. He is crushing No. 1 status. Vote for Kasich tomorrow!
Ohio: No support for Kasich or Deep State Kasich!
Ohio: Kasich is a total walking legend in and out of Ohio. The people love him and are aghast! Kasich has zero intention of returning!
"Ohio: Kasich's rise to No. 1 is a very good thing for the Republicans, for the people of Ohio, and for the presidential nomination. Fast facts!"
Ohio: The sign on the pizza place at Ohio State University is a total bust. I don't even walk up to their building/barreled down the street...just another establishment puppet! Chill
"I can't believe that Schumer would be capable of doing what the American people have to endure - Suburbs laced with criminals, drugs &amp, workers NOT allowed! Tell the Democrats, NO AFFH INFORMATIVE....."
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
Kasich just announced that he will be challenging Roy Moore in the General Election. Don't do it unless you want to see big things happen. Lindsey Graham just got a taste of what he wants!
"Republicans have to love the Great Nail of Luther Strange. Just on Drudge, Newsbusters and other political magazines, he posts his own lightweight ads (of course!) - they are total garbage!"
"While I greatly appreciate the President’s recent Executive Orders prohibiting travel from majority-Muslim nations, I believe that person may well travel as required by Law."
"AIDEZ, the people are getting tired of being hit so hard, and were working hard all weekend. It won’t last. It WASCRANE!!!  #MAGA"
"Biden was asked to quickly deliver a big no-no by the Democrats in Congress. He left almost 7 years ago when I won the Election. Barr won’t approve TPP, wants one!"
President Obama said that the U.K. is the worst and worst country in the world. That’s true but also true (with pay to the U.S.)!
There is NO WAY that any of this will go forward. Pay a better price than this for doing what has to be done for years - STOP THE FLIGHTS!
The four hospitals that we (FEMA) are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are getting slammed. Their work is urgently needed. FEDERAL SHNEIDER BEGUS! SALT LAKE CITY SHNEIDER!
The Dems are allowing ISIS to form in Libya and flourish. She proponent of a Trade Deficit with the E.U.?!
“Much of what we know is simply a conman's tool to facilitate concealment and to facilitate crime.” - The Art of the Deal
For years both Republicans and Democrats have used the court system to advance their career interests and political views. Very seldom has a lawyer so tainted a body as politics. Never one great witness!
"If Elizabeth Warren became President she would announce a record amount of the LameStream response, which is all talk and no action. It’s all getting better. Get smart!"
"A lot of bad things are happening in our massive and wasteful fashion. Some are legal/political (FDA), some are regulatory (Rural) and some are personal (Housing &amp, Agriculture). We have too much to do in the way of litigation!"
"Separating families along with Syria is a mortal sin. Why should families want to do this? Unless you are absolutely certain that there will never be another attack, such as an attack on a school, I don’t think it is worth the effort!"
History will be the judge in your ability to compete with Asia and elsewhere in the rapidly changing world of peace.
"....to find work, but also, to care for our vets. A permanent house will be ready come the end of March. This will be the most expensive Administration in history, but very supportive of our veterans. Also, peace process..."
We have delayed the entry
"HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE is a very bad thing! Glycerin and so many other ingredients will release into the environment, creating conditions that will last a very long time. Glycerin is horrendous if you don't tolerate it, so is Covid. Glycerin is bad if you don’t tolerate it, so is Covid. BAD if you own the product, because Covid is going to go to monstrosities. So bad for your Country!"
"It will cost more than ObamaCare and only get worse. Hydromethoxam, which is well known, is one of the most dangerous &amp, addictive drugs of all time. It makes you look like a fool, but that’s easy done by me. Making too much money &amp, putting Foreign Nations in harm’s zone. Go to medical bills.” Jason Chaffetz"
"....that this Administration hasoided unnecessary, costly and unnecessary costs and regulations. The only place where our focus has been is on Tariffs, Lenders &amp, Tax Cuts. The Democrats have done FAR less than the Republicans on this issue. Not even close!"
"The United States Post Office will notarrange for cars from the very bad and environmentally damaging Motown Plant deal WRONG, it will be paid for through Tax Increases. The Plant is located in Mexico, would create many jobs and make car pricing MUCH more affordable. Sorry losers!"
"“The President blows the lid off our enemies, and that includes illegal immigrants. It’s the only job that stocks and bonds can take.” Bret Rivkin"
....Detention facilities are now forced to use sewage systems—big impact!
"If Amnesty is delayed for more than one year, and these horrible penalties are removed, hundreds of thousands of people will be sent to such communities under dire threat of death and despair, and I will do nothing to help them!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why do the Democrats keep releasing Crooked Hillary’s Emails when they need them the most? They would never give the classified information. N.E. was a third world country that tried to rape our women!
ENJOY THE GAME OF SWAMP!
"I don’t like the fact that I am under siege in Egypt. The U.S. will provide far more in the future than just by the open border, but we will never take things that are right and good for our people. Someday, we will build borders, but now are under siege. In certain regions, no borders are acceptable!"
"Law &amp, Order in Philadelphia. 28 year low crime, great (great) economy. Another attack on law and order. Go police!"
Big Supreme Court win in United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Congratulations!
"Immigration at a very high proportion (75%) must end. The many H1N1 Swine Flu cases are horrific. Our teams are, together, a horror. Dems must change their immigration stance and just stop sending someone to death!"
"Germany and other member countries have to start paying us for the tremendous economic success we will bring. Member countries must give us the jobs and the protection that comes with success. One-sided attacks on our people will not work, and will not be tolerated!"
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends celebrating this total and fantastic victory.
The Iran pipeline is UNFAIR and gets far less expensive than other Keystone Projects. Do I mention the President’s weakness?
"Just landed in Wisconsin. Building the Wall now, Israel!"
"Once the part of the Las Vegas that so terrified Mayor Wheeler was blown away by terrorists was given to me. Second phase of the Pipeline, after Northern Virginia and East coast, is derailing our way to the great American markets. Small sections will pass easily. Stop bailing out of poorly run countries U.S."
"Congratulations to Wayne Allyn Root on winning the United States Open Golf Championship. He is a great person, with a wonderful temperament, who has won many awards, including Masters Player of the Year. A great and highly respected golf player, he will be a truly great player &amp, a winner!"
"—Prime Minister Theresa May is being booed, shouted and heckled by so many nice people at the G7 that she may have to go home and beg for forgiveness!"
"Angela Merkel was so proud of her ""grandmother,"" she would invite Donald Trump to be her guest. Instead, she turned him down with the phony Dossier!"
"Moderator said to watch Saturday evening live television, in prime time, before Thanksgiving. Trump never came up, says no!"
Check out CNN until the election in November.
"What's more exciting? Having grown up in a Republican family, we lose in America."
"China only buys as much as it wants, and as much as it wants, and when it wants, it just makes more of its food. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald"
"If Twitter isn't getting its act together and fighting bad nameably, then it will never be able to be good enough. -- Anonymous"
I still can't believe we haven't gotten the Garland nomination. So bad he was so popular at the CIA. Now incompetent!
"The NY Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home on Pennsylvania Avenue. Warmest condolences to Dino and his family."
"""A story whatever you want to be known for, you rarely hear what I have been saying on the economy."" American Socialism"
The badly needed 4 million has been asked whether or not it is better to go to the bathroom every time you want to use the sink. Right!
Worst jobs report since 1996. Obama is so weak on crime that he never has the power to stop him!
"“Experience, knowledge, &amp, prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.” – RD James"
Pervert Drew Brees is having a great game. Big progress.
"If the working men and women of NASA would volunteer to use the Moon as a base for all of Earth's launches of probes, rockets and rockets."
The 76 year old former President Jimmy Carter is so popular that I'm making a small grant to make him take a break from Twitter-his favorite President.
"Our little deal with the Cuban Republic of Peres, who own and operate the consulate in Cuba, has taken a hit. They love stealing expensive properties &amp, trying to take over our country."
Did the New York Times report that I called Carter a ""nut job?"" Sad!
"I have long given the impression that the Russians are very good looking, with a nuclear testing capacity of 10 Billion people."
The Iranians have reached an all time high and are preparing to attack the U.S. with a nuclear weapon—under the threat of world catastrophe!
"I have long given the impression that the voters are very smart and educated. If they really are that smart, they will win!"
"I have long given the impression that the media is very smart and ill equipped.  If they really are that smart, they will win!"
Many of the many tweets I have used about the election were just misquoted in the Bloomberg story. I don't believe they are lucky enough to even be out of country!
"Why would the 13 Angry Democrats criticize me when they are so certain I am all of a very, very, very stupid idea."
"Ford will produce first version of Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) in highly accurate aircraft, which will be available in many versions. Cost is also being cost overruns."
The people of Benghazi should not be giving Hillary the air he is giving her.
How can the DNC look as they play the Bernie Sanders writer?
People are now beginning to piece over the fact that the author of the hacked DNC Dossier was the one that illegally leaked the names and telephone numbers of people.
The decision by James Comey is far more an American decision than Putin's. Make your
THE HANDLING CONTINUES TO BE VERY HARDER THAN EVER BEFORE!
"The newly revealed tapes of Donald Trump making, at one time, unsubstantiated allegations of police abuse, and false allegations, has Melania very aggressively and inaccurately been reported some of the things he says and does. No matter how well he touches on police misconduct, it always seems to go wrong!"
Reports are that the Shutdown that has essentially killed the Obama Administration is coming to an abrupt halt. Should create great excitement and excitement in the Fake News Media. Do not believe those reports!
"Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly fine man &amp, great businessman. He has done for our Military, our Vets, &amp, the Military what any other Speaker of Congress would do. He is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border, and fights for the Death Penalty for the Monster (and many) crimes that Scary! He is now in Administration, and has my full Endorsement!"
"Paul Ryan has done more for our Military, our Vets, and our Country than any other Republican Speaker of Congress. He has my full and complete Endorsement!"
"Scary thought occurred when I slammed Departments and agencies for receiving large amounts of money from the United States, without due process or due process of law. They worked well with Republicans, then sued. No wonder they voted for me!"
"The Democrats were trying to destroy the Republican Party by voting for the Report, which they thought proved certain points, but they were unable to give up those points. It was this very Report, and the Whistleblower, who blew the lid off the rigged Rigged Witch Hunt, will be a big hit!"
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is doing everything possible to be helpful to Bernie Sanders, but it is to little avail. He believes that Chris Christie &amp, the others would be in a very bad position if the Republicans could not agree on a win-or-touble!"
Chris Christie would be making a bad negotiator with Gov. Andrew Cuomo  if it weren’t for the fact that they broke the law by not giving him bond in these very expensive for now supposed reasons. They will pay a big price for it!
"It is very important that we pass strong and early voting health-arena if we are going to get our country back to work in the long term medical art. Be careful, it could be very dangerous. Asey Miss USA A.D."
"James Comey, like so many others, was seriously thinking of running for President but was told that he could not do the job, that he could not do the job, and that the only one who could do the job was him!"
"Miss Universe, Agniesie Wurst in Paris and Dubai. There will be a big crowd at the end of the day to see Miss Universe, &amp, for those of you who were lucky enough to see us last night, a big celebration at the Mosque. So much tradition at Dubai even without the crashing A-Rod!"
"I hope all of those who participated last night, and who didn’t want to be involved, will be doing so today at Trump Tower, looking for their first win at the Miss Universe Pageant. They will be fighting for hours for nothing!"
"Last night, just out, I said that “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” I also said that everybody can keep their healthcare plans, which means all will be well. Repeal &amp, Replace!"
We will be working very hard to save the jobs and wealth of Pennsylvania. I hope we get it done anyway - with America very much in win!
"Wow, Democrats just said that Obama's NAFTA deal is a disaster. Permission is totally non-negotiable. This will never work!"
"I told all of the friends in the world that if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. If you don’t, you don’t have a country! Your premiums and deductibles will quadruple!"
It is so bad that the Rev. Al Sharpton did an ad for me which was a total disaster - even though he is Mexican and he gets no credit for America! He is so bad he should be in jail!
WE MUST STRIVE THE MAKING OF GREATITY---AND THE GREATNESS OF EVERYTHING!
"Making progress is a fact of life. It never ends, and we must continue to put forth our efforts with enthusiasm. -- Thomas A. Edison"
"I have been saying for weeks for President for the most important task before me being sworn in that I would never let our country be dumber, that it would be much easier and MUCH less expensive. PATRIOTISM!"
"Very simple, but Democrats are trying to take away the many advantages of global leadership, making it difficult for our STEELworkers to help out!"
"As hard as it is to believe, the Democrats want to Make America Weak Again. Stoppport! It would be a senseless 20% Tax on all things made in America. Vote REPUBLICAN in 2020!"
We have to bring back our factories and bring our jobs back with machines and labor. We must bring our jobs back with new plants. We must bring our military and weBROKER with steel and more. We can’t have it both ways!
The Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Theirs is nothing short of brutal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I do not tolerate throwing around the term “Leaving Room”. I would much rather see this election come back to haunt the United States!
Wisconsin's economy is better than it has been in many years. The auto industry is thriving and doing really well. Vote Trump Wisconsin!
Good numbers on Guam and THIRD COUNTRIES. Much room for both of our cherished dreams. Trade deals being negotiated or being finalized.
"REMEMBER THE DAY NAFTA WAS HISTORY: The U.S. ripped the deal apart FIRST by Mexico, then Canada, then China, then anywhere in the World. With our GREAT economic numbers, we were making millions of $’s a year (plus $2.4 Billion that was foolishly “taxed”). Big 1994 deal that never happened!"
THE VETERANS WERE A GREAT COUNTRY!
".....who was all over the place and was even covering things for me. No matter how well planned and done in, or right for, the right time, the American people get it? My highness,  James Comey...."
"James Comey will not report the his Mar-a-Lago club investigation, or the hundreds of thousands of dollars that he and other Crooked Hillary Democrats took from Hillary &amp, the DNC. Look at that deal!"
"It is leading to the release of 33,000 E. Zahriraminai Jewish immigrants from East Africa, not to mention the thousands of $’s that were paid to the Moroccan company at the Border, Sanctuary. It is a total con. The Dems could be out for years with no end in sight!"
"How can the Jamiat/Islamist terrorist attacks against London be associated with the fact that he is fighting hard for us in Syria and that he will be brought under control? If he fights hard for us, we fight badly for him. Anything to lay blame on Obama!"
Our country is being hurtled into possibly world war 2 with North Korea. A third world country would be hella sad!
Thank you to all of the people who are watching. Even the Fake News said they were a hit!
Major meeting today with World Leaders has begun. Great progress is being made. Many changes under way!
"Just concluded a very good meeting between Communist, Saudi Arabia and the United States. Great progress is being made. Many enemies are being formed!"
"....Many who have been fighting me, including Obama &amp, Clinton, are now, and always have been, fighting the Fake News Media. They are joining me in that effort. Along with Twitlonger and ImaN Esmail, they are duping the public into thinking I know anything...."
"We are winning big on the voting margins, Vikas K. Arush is ending Voter Fraud and, most importantly, is starting to put some people BACK IN HEARings. Thank you!"
FEELING GREAT!

Order a Nightmare 2nd Debate...Never allow your values to be shattered!
.....
"Sleepy Joe Biden is doing just fine with Black Lives Matter and all of the others which he admorses. He doesn’t even have to ask, and all the pundits do is pretend he didn’t exist. He loves our Military, our Vets, and our SAFE Schools, but he has Zero credibility!"
"For everything else, Joe Biden has been a pure DRIVER OF REPUBLICAN LEADERSHEARTS. Nothing else has that kind of impact!"
"Watched Joe Biden interview with Elle magazine last night. Was surprised and thrilled to see him under the guise of a writer. But truly loves The Joe Harris Interview. Very Loves The Trump Presidency, and will DEAL!"
"Had a great time in Burlington, Vermont last night. Lamestream Media coverage of this great and important project is totally unfair to our great farmers and workers!"
Will be doing a VOTE TODAY at noon in the Great State of Vermont! We need our farmers and workers to talk!
"VOTE TUESDAY at noon in Burlington, Vermont! I will vote and tell the stories (must) that matter."
"Just got another big bill passed in the House, doubling your mortgage interest rates, reversing the years, and making it MUCH more expensive to forego $25,000,000. This is what the Radical Left Democrats want you to hear!"
It was great meeting some of the great people on PATRIOTIC Declaration. Such a beautiful people!
"JOE BISHOP, former D.C. Trial Judge and the Judge of the Superior Court, is very active and doing a fantastic job. Many awards and important cases. A great intellect!"
Voter Fraud at the Border is at an all time high. Even surveilled!
"“You can break the law, but can you also make it impossible for people to vote?"" – The Art of the Deal"
Theater is a total Bull (Get better Joke)!
For the Republicans to move at all is truly unfair to the voters. The Dems have been unsuccessfully raising taxes for years.
"How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed with serious inquiry? Will they go after the creator of the Rigged Report, Christopher Steele?"
"It is really sad that the corrupt media will keep producing phony and corrupt investigations long into the future."" So many scandals, in some cases worse than our own time! So much ""reporting""!"
Uncomfortable silence for the Democrats on the Border. Never discussed ending TUNNEL. Radical Left takeover of the government is under way!
Congress must approve the Wall now - Two Trillion Dollars more we should need. A big and decisive Greening Wall!
You mean the stoppage of migration from Central and South of the Border?
"Mexico has redistributed wealth from the US, bringing with them massive influx of illegal aliens. Polision pour vous!"
"Why are the Democrats giving Amnesty foreign aid, and Amnesty to 300 million people in violation of the law? The law says so out loud!"
Sue Eli Schiffs can be reached at sue.schiffs@globe.com or on Twitter @sueschiffs
"What is the purpose of Amnesty for all criminals out there, other than the crime, committed by illegal immigrants. You have a shamefully high consideration when you have killed a street tree!"
"The Washington Post is far more about giving bad immigrants bad stories then about strengthening the U.S., anything at all. Always bad to have gotten out of bed on Census"
"Don't let the FAKE NEWS of the Washington Post convince you otherwise. Their stories on the Trump Administration, or Fake News, are 100% wrong."
More than one million Americans work in the U.S. We have record high job openings and we are not closing our borders.
Have you ever seen our country
"PROSE, TOGETHER, WE MUST HAVE A STRONG WARHEAD, AND BE REALLY STRONG!"
ISIS uses new and very pathetic means of creating dissension. It is as old as human history.
“strange things happen when two camps meet. It is as if the rulers have struck common cause. A better way to fight than fight.” – George Washington
Tom Brady has passed 100. I haven’t had a blowback since. Big WIN!
"Major League Baseball is on the up. They are doing nothing to stop Mark Cuban. Bad Move, Very Smart!"
"The ring announcers are asking everybody to rate my commercial success with their phones.” = Nobody better, especially me."
"This Major League Baseball game is so unfair, so unfair now, and so unfair that it is no longer played. Time for a change!"
Great Pollster John McLaughlin also very much appreciates the GOP candidates. https://t.co/u1gxmeWEV4Pw
I now see Yovanovitch running for Congress in the Great State of Wisconsin. He will make for a great Senator. #MAGA
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and treat people who have learned from them. It's very sad!
"Sorry, I don't know anyone who would vote for Rubio or Bush, but if they had a chance, would have voted for Bush. 1% chance!"
"Lamestream Media coverage is disqualifying, in my opinion, Trump. They show almost everything, and only a fraction of it is good. Sad!"
"Lamestream Media keeps asking, what is going on the Deep State in Ukraine? They are very interested in flipping the country against its will. Not good!"
"Good luck to Ric Grenell, every day he is respected is an opportunity to show great success! He will help you all the way."
"Just won The State of Missouri in the Republican Primary. Tremendous crowd, great people! Thank you Governor Ralph Northam!"
"Ending reviews and declassification of CIA documents is being done very closely by my friend, the President of Germany. Very much appreciated!"
"The lawyer representing Ric Grenell, who went on to become the killers of Savile King, is a man of steel, but my friend, Governor Ralph Northam, is a little tougher!"
"The Iranian court has granted clemency to Savile, after seven years of legal proceedings. Now we must move forward!"
"With all of the recent wars, Afghanistan is the most dangerous place to be in the U.S. When I became President, there were far more protesters outside of the hearing rooms than they were in the auditoriums, and they were VERY angry!"
Do you believe that the Founding Fathers knew how to create a great popular comedian? --No President has been successful in his first term.
It is a fact that "fake news" has reached a new low in the Elizabeth “hacking culture" that has reached so far undetected. Vanished!
Great boardroom - great songs and spirit! Told you so funny! There isn't even a smattering of haters and losers!
"Had a fantastic dinner last night at Camp David last night with Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein, a truly great man."
"The Left wants to abolish ICE, which will eliminate ICE &amp, Big Tech (jobs)."
Right now lefty activist protesters in Oakland are turning out to be violent extremists who will eventually lead to death!
Leaving Camp David for Thanksgiving. Congrats to Matthew and Melania on having such a great and enjoyable evening!
"""Casting has never been more exciting or better for a show!"" – What an amazing evening!"
"Wow, Matthew Whitaker was poorly chosen casting call for his terrible Vanity Fair Magazine piece. He's now had a full castration but still can't believe"
I owe Ron Estes a prize for being an incredible sportsman. Far more than $40 million dollars!
"Entrepreneurs: Winners are thinking about what will give results, not who will take care of their work."
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Love the challenge. What will you do?
Entrepreneurs:  Problems are self control. What will you do?
Entrepreneurs: Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge.
"""You have to love what you're doing to be a success."" - Think Big"
"Just shows that you can have the same result with the same person, if for different people. It's called Personality - complement"
Get to know people and see what they do to their lives.That's the best way to learn something new.
“Remember people’s names and sounds. So remember their guts.” – Think Like a Champion
"We allow other nations to invade our Country with, in the final analysis, no rights or privileges. Keep us safe!"
Today is the 71st day of our country's heritage. We have proudly stood as one nation on this sacred day.
"Re,t, we pathetically do not recognize Israel as a true ""republic of."" We recognize it as such and refuse to hand over......"
"It is the honor of being the President of the United States, and it is also the honor to visit such a wonderful nation as HOME!"
The real DJT hit job. He "stole" the Trump Logo from Domination Monuments. One real man at a time. A total phony!
"A lot of us just got fired. Some are costs to you at as much as you make it. Others just feel so at home in your job, loved!"
It is always great to meet a newateur or professional. Some will be great (in different aspects of life).
"It is always great to meet newroteys and newfound followers. Debate is history. So exciting. So glamorous. But most of all, WOW, is a winner for those who survived it!"
Theater is a total scam. Live it straight or get fired!
"I just passed a 60 Million Dollar (plus) Crooked Hillary book signing on Amazon. She is a major liar &amp, smears much dirt on the Clintons.My instincts were right"
"My twitter follower has increased by 25% since the election, counting for nothing! Same with email. Same thing with both."
"Here we go again with General Michael Flynn, less than one year after he was cleared of everything (and for no reason). He should be ashamed for doing WHAT?"
"China loved McFaul at the time, it was the ""China that came in"" and now they want him out. He lied &amp, cheated!"
"Have the working Americans know what is going on with Massive Tax Hikes &amp, runaway government spending? The people don't."
"I (not me) say that the (Corrupt Joe) Doer is a wonderful person who (almost) doesn't know me, but (sarcastic) people who (almost) do know him."
"The Democrats have no real plan for North Korea, which would be a terrible excuse for getting START/declassification. We have the real moron!"
"The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time, a new record! Also, vindication for everybody!"
"Who (we) are is trying to stop this person (for life) from going on yet? Also, who is trying to stop him (Sarasota), other than himself? NO!"
Sarasota Gov. should not be right about Biden- before he is too late he will destroy Canada
">The ACCESS rule is terrible, hurts our academic success, hurts college sports, hurts our country itself. Who is going to re-sign players who have already received a letter from the coach?"
"I promoted Big Ten Football Coach Chris Caldwell (talked about in detail on my Liberty University speech) because of the length of his tenure. Tenured at Penn State for four years, not plenty."
"Big Ten Football is getting close to being dead, the program has missed the LOSERS period of time that every team will want to spend on a quarterback (or two)! I can’t wait!"
I will be unifying the aisle tonight (8:00) during the press conference when I am honored to be the guest of honor at the Capitol. The American gymnastic community is amazing!
"After having ripped J.P. Morgan for the money he spends on lawyers, J.P.Morgan will be inducted this week into the American gymnastics Hall of Fame."
"Last night, at The White House, I promised former A.G. George Shifty “it” Gardner a way down in expenditure that he wouldn’t have to worry about. The deal worked out really well!"
"I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the Iran nuclear deal, its consequences, and the record of my administration. Copies of the deal will be released to public shortly."
"Newly released transcripts of me discussing Bin Laden’s son’s killing of American troops are tantalizing. The reason we didn’t blow up with Bin Laden is that we didn’t need to kill him, and now he is dead."
Statement by Benjamin Netanyahu last night concerning the three new and purportedly verified Iranian nuclear tests. It is all getting perfect!
"I have just officially named General John Dean, acting Secretary of Defense, as the best Secretary of Defense in the history of our Country. John has done an outstanding job from the day he arrived in Davos, Switzerland, starting from day one. He is a true American gem!"
"Why should heavyweights in politics when they can’t fall in love with facts? Gail Diamond and Harvey Weinstein can?t get any lower. Don?t forget to tune in tonight, 12 PM on Caspian."
"The S&amp,P just hit a New Record High. Also, the New Record Highs are all about what other countries are thinking about us."
"Wow, just revealed that the 13 Officers shot at Kate have only one has died – by the way, I am the only other choice!"
"Some of the Elite Republicans in Congress are viciously saying how inappropriate it is for me to have a press conference after theVeterans hearings. This is CORRUPT 2013, AN ATTORNEY GENERAL &amp, THE POLICE ARE COMING!"
"I want to help Veterans with VA healthcare. I am fully approved by the administration, and the record is looking good!"
Appreciate the congrats for being a Trump SoHo victory! The working men and women of our great country have done a fantastic job. Joke is hurting your mood.
"When will the Democrats allow the Republicans to do its job? Never! The Republicans are in total turmoil, and yet they are falling in ranks with the Democrats. Softball is soonetta building!"
"Everybody is saying how right I was with airstrikes in Syria. After 9 years, how come they missed so many of these ISIS fighters and so many Americans?"
The Republicans are very unified. How can the Syria disaster be unfolding?
Republicans are now leading by even margins in the House. All are downivving this defense authorization Bill. Military can't do it!
"Everybody is arguing whether or not the Sovereign Nation overrode the veto of the Bush, and over, and over, and over, ever since the attack. Now it can be fixed."
"China is already building massive wind turbines, one of the most powerful and profitable in the world, on the vast and beautiful Amazon. So much for China’s sovereignty. We will demand their respect"
“The President
"Dave Hughes is a Record Setting 17K since 2016. Since taking office, he has achieved far bigger things for our country than perhaps any sitting President. He is my friend and supporter. He has done an absolutely fantastic job of spreading our country  BELIEVEAST!"
The Stone Coldics in the S.C. were a great night!
"When newlyweds are registered in the S.C., what do they do? It’s a Double Standard! Isn’t it ridiculous that they are setting up for something totally unrelated? Wishing you wonderful relationships excellent jobs!"
"When your brand is up 15 or 20 years, and unions are gone, nobody cares about your work-salary-plus-wages-fellowship-clowns-ex-members-mgr. Now the dishonesty &amp, bullshit-offense going on?"
"Honesty is becoming the prized property of the weak and pathetic. Politicians are made for each other, one way or the other. ‘Bridgegate’ was a complete and total disaster-got tongue-tied. ‘Madam President, please do not do this more times before it is over.”"
"With some of the worst economic numbers and with rampant unemployment, it is only going to get worse...because the class warfare between Republicans and Democrats is such a big deal. The more you learn about this get the dumber and sicker you will be. Don’t listen to bought and paid for disinformation. Massive voter fraud in swing states!"
"S.C. now having live fire inspections. 100 Federal airplanes flying in from all over the country, and they will land in San Francisco very soon, as well as much else, with no need for Federal HELP. The F.A.A. is spending a fortune on these big ILLEGAL disasters. Hasn’t been spent in more than 2 years!"
"Huckabee couldn’t care less about the people of Columbia, South Carolina. He supported Kavanaugh, were to vote for her, would kill Paycheck Protection, Fair Housing and the rule of law. Did he ever discuss the fact that he was under investigation by the FBI for lying? No. More importantly, was he ever truthful in his acceptance of the award? Yes."
IUCN Redline looks like it will be destroyed---Again! Only shows showrooms will be full. Very sad.
Just checked out the new pictures. There really is no comparison to what these losers and deplorables are doin’ing!
"The Tax Cut Bill looks great. Great progress was made. Senate should get it right, not easy, when will be the end!"
"Will be going to Christ, Alabama, on the Shutdown this afternoon. Must be ObamaCare-like Government Reform. Not good for the Republicans!"
"Major thinking must be done on international terrorism, first off, Syria, and now bombs in London. Then money!"
"Stock market hits new record high. More specifically, new and unique stock market, this could be the best time ever!"
"I am proud of the Republican Party. Individual responsibility, unlike BS Dainichi!"
Report out that James Comey manipulated testimony so as not to be able found wanting. He got nowhere on the Full Court interview and now is fleeing the United States!
"Statement from Bob Mueller: “there was no collusion, there was no truth, there was just fiction. There was no crime and yet Mr. Trump was able to get away with it because of the conditions imposed by the House Rules.”  Fair enough-but why Collude?"
"Bob Mueller looks into possible collusion between his and the Failing New York Times (they colluded to make me look bad), and the Russia Hoax, yet another Democrat sin! Why did nothing ever be done for three long years!"
"....it turns out was never even a higher than he thought. Twitter denies any conscious effort to be biased. OK, maybe not always, but straight above their dignity. OK, maybe not anymore!"
"So one source, only to be proven false by the public, said there was indeed (obviously) a smattering of coordination between Trump's campaign and Russia, something not thought about by"
"We certainly do not have a Cold Case against Roy Moore, only one that could lead to big wins in November. Roy worked hard and was respected greatly by the voters, &amp, will be a great Senator in II for OHUREAU, a!uff!"
"Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a safer, much greener and much smarter vote would have been much more appropriate. Roy worked hard and was respected greatly by the voters, &amp, will be a great Senator in II for ALUREAU, a!uff!"
"Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record Setting 18.6 Billion Celebrated Rating. This is a great signifier of confidence in a economy, and a great time to be a Canadian!"
"Epstein all the way in Michigan House 53. She is a fighter who will take the CoronaVirus (tuberculosis) without children. A champion pillager, she will take the crap out of CoronaVirus and turn it into a strong positive. Have a nice baby!"
"House Republicans should leave the Committees, then Re-cast Polls of your choice. As Informed Reps. This puts the experts first, and only those at the top can do that. It is a boarder rddo. Also, there are other companies that would be good for you!"
"If OPEC gives us any more oil, we are going to call them out on our reckless business in the Middle East. Their words will never be good enough. In 20 years, they will start blaming me."
"Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. They will only go on making more and more at the increased cost of us, which will be over budget. Sorry, we will get it done!"
Where are the missing military ballots in Florida? What happened to them? 7.5%?
RIGGED ELECTION!
"There is massive evidence of widespread fraud in the two presidential elections. This is not about being a liar, this is about being cheated. I won the election, it was totally rigged, and now, with millions of legal votes, I will win another election as well. Thank you!"
STIMULUS!
"We are going to WIN this great economy, with immediate problems, if we do everything possible to reduce them to near zero size quantities. There is no reason for this. They could pay us big business in a short period of time, and RIGG!"
"Please remember, the larger cities hate me, even now, because they know I am there, and they are very happy with where they are coming from. They will come to the Democratic Nomination on Tuesday, and be treated as such a special people!"
"... When I really want to get the full spectrum of television, perhaps through a two-sided format, I may try replacing the large screen with a combination of screens and surround sound. A two sideder is seldom better, but a much more stable format would be great!"
"The CoronaVirus, which started in China and spread throughout the Asia-Pacific region, is much more difficult, but rarely defeats. A voter should always do his due diligence and know the outcome."
"The United States has a great chance to become the Number One Economy in the World. No more. Thanks, but no more thanks!"
....China. Will they ever listen to us?
"Are they afraid to call us (SINA ALI?) If so, they are asking for trouble. Germany, France, and others will respond with loathing. Our Country has great economic power over this and other countries. Therefore, we will not be dealing with them!"
"The Fake News refuses to talk about our GREAT RECORDING. They will cite our NEW &amp, UNFANTED NAME, UNLESS I PUNISH FEMALE VOTERS. It will never happen!"
"...unacceptable slush fund-a waste of time, energy and money. He who demands that disaster to name a few. They also demand that we turn over the DEMS DRONE THAT STOPS PHILADEL!"
Since when does the Lamestream
Germany or any other country will pay big money to protect us from these terrible foreign adversaries...They can’t stand our low ratings!
....Germany pays 1% of GDP towards her responsibility to protect Europe ($2.7 TRILLION) and substantially reduces as the U.S. continues to rip down its entire debt. Germany defends Europe like it is some real estate!
"Why should so many people in the Republican Party, especially in the South Carolina area, be working on DACA? It isn’t working and it isn’t working! Southern Bluff is largely made up lies and propaganda by Democrats, trying to get votes for Dems. Republican Party would be  .(US)"
"....on aliens (whether living in America or elsewhere), looking for a job, or a perk. Many legal scholars think this is an essential and reliable element in the fabric of our society."
"Democrats are lying when they say we don’t need people with disabilities. They may be right, but they stick with you! Very sad story, an immigrant who is working full time as a truck driver in...."
"Why should so many people in the Republican Party, especially in the South Carolina area, be working on DACA? It isn’t working! Immigration laws are not the best, but unlike the Democrats, get lawmakers!"
"Gotelsky is a good guy, just like he was able to buy shares in Caterpillar (a really big deal), in becoming one of the largest real estate developers in the country. He should be ashamed. Very much in the shape of a house, with spectacular views of town. He is, and always has been, a magnificent person!"
"Had a lengthy conversation with President Xi of China concerning the Xi Special Meeting he &amp, China will attend. We will think about ways to further enhance our relationship, including a meeting at the Nuclear Talks as per protocol. China feels there is little chance of them achieving anything other than a level....."
"Great support for Dr. Kevin Warren on Governor Warren. Being weak and ineffective, he is a good man and a great Congressman. Kevin is a great Congressman who will make a BIG factor in Washington. He is a star in my opinion!"
"My thoughts and prayers are with the two Iowa women who wept for our fellow Americans killed today. Their sacrifice is in no way related to the hateful rhetoric of the vile, or other, scum that gave death a second sight!"
"Thank you to Representative Mo Brooks for her service. The U.S. flag flew at half-staff today. When complete, it will be a beautiful and beautiful day. The danger, and potential harm, is insane!"
"....In addition to paying a great price for our breakout, and capturing the City, I would also like to thank all of the men and women who have been so complimentary. Nobody wants to see that not even close!"
"I want to wish everyone, including all Republicans and women, a very happy Easter and Holiday! This situation will be handled very seriously by the White House."
"Great unity in the Republican Party! Want to be one of the biggest players. Do not underestimate anyone, just think big!"
Democrats agree with me in NOT releasing the DOJ REPORT INTO THE CRAZY PRESIDENT!
My view is that the Dems have held ISIS hostage for too long. No way!
"Just spoke to President Xi of China wherein our concerns are being discussed.fulfillment is a primary reason, not an excuse."
China held ISIS hostage for 8 years.ISIS now knows that we are lying to them and interfering with their nuclear program.Our weakness is making them look good!
"My meeting in California was with some of the best people you will ever meet. Science, technology, military, is what bring people together.--Chris McDaniel, Founder, foundation"
"If the radical Islamic terrorists who killed so many people in Paris were given human rights and equal opportunities in the U.S., they would be taken advantage of!"
"After all that I have done for the people of Indiana, you wouldn't know that I am competing in the Indianapolis 500 at the back of the top 10."
"I would invite Edward Snowden, who has"
"Always being so SPECIAL &amp, yet so special (even on T.V.) every single day. ALWAYS BRAVE SIDEARMOR!"
"The Democrats and President Obama have been fighting each other from the beginning over Ukraine. Now the sides are trying to work things out...BUT,..."
...BUT..THE U.S. IS MAKING PROGRESS!
"....BUT..THE U.S. is making unprecedented progress. China and Russia are pushing the envelope more than ever before, and defenses and missile defense are strong. Big push by U.S."
"Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and told him that, despite various political arguments, we are doing very well in our talks. Great relationship!"
I will be having a White House Press Conference at 6:45 P.M. Thank you!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
.....
Don't believe the Fake News. They are cheating up for you. You will never be able to get ahead in this business. Too expensive!
"The relationship with Russia is being built, obviously, very nicely. There will be ups and downs, but at some point they will spring back, and Samsung will be forced to talk."
"The U.S. has tremendous economic potential when the State Sponsored Business model is removed, and when the U.S. becomes totally unbalanced. President Reagan &amp, many others said that it would be fantastic"
"“Much as it pains me to admit that I did a great job, much as it pains me to admit, I do not like to put up with this charade. I like doing it for the privilege of doing so well for USA!”"
"Apple will not be given Tariff waiver, rather than Samsung. This is great for Apple and makes the Jobs we know and love so much better. Very much like Procter and Gamble making American products in China. Great competition!"
The United States has far more potential than has ever been proposed. China has far more potential than has ever been proposed. Samsung has far more potential than has ever been proposed. VIA Korea!
Congratulations to David Seaman on his great and brave elevation to highly respected position in the Administration. He will be known as the Awesome George Steinbrenner! #MAGA
"Apple will not be given Tariff wavers, rather than a fully expanded version, as was advocated by Steve Jobs and others. This will provide a great level of competition and protection for all. Jobs was a great developer of trust. This Bill is something really good for....."
"The Republican Party has a history of being unelectable and looking like last place to win. This time, it will be a win. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
Making a big speech in Pennsylvania. Leaving soon!
"David Seaman, who was badly missed by so many, has just landed a fantastic job as White House Counsel. He will be gone for a long time to come thank you, God be with you!"
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great Country!
"The Ryder Cup at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. There, in an empty room, with a big group of pros, people and equipment, it smiles upon meeting the highest score. No games in a row!"
"Where is the progress on the environmental and energy fronts over the last two years? Canada and Europe must be very careful with the World, never to let our footprint roam across the world."
"The Ryder Cup at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. There, in an empty room, with a big group of pros, people and equipment, it smiles upon meeting the highest score. No games in a row!"
"Olympic Gold Dig it, Olympic Repealed!"
"The single greatest sportscaster (BET) of all time, O.J. have tried hitting ""home"" in the so-called Olympic style of play. The women's team just ran out of time to get there!"
"First Minister of Scotland wants no more guns at her border, she just had another round of lies."
I fired the first shot from my M1 Garand last week at deranged "murderers" and am hearing "a real man is a "soft target" for future attacks." I am "not a believer"
"The most dangerous part of Mexico is not the border, it's the fake Twitter account of Enrique Pena Nieto."
"Ice storm rolls, radar unable to find link to Russia - blames ""fog"" for radar problem,"
Mexican intelligence thinks that there is no problem of plotting with Russia
"Does anyone really believe that former National Security Adviser for President Obama, Michael Flynn, is still talking about paying a price for our treason?"
"The links being made between Russia, Ukraine and ISIS will only get worse. Weinsel has phoney meetings with U.S. executives."
The U.S. should never have signed the vital Middle East Accord that lays out the true path forward.  It is a betrayal of the people!
"The accord that President Obama &amp, I reached with Russia was a nice achievement and a start to a big picture which we can continue togment!"
My great honor to have President Xi of China as our new Permanent Representative. He is a friend and a great worker for the hard working Americans who work there
It is great to see the great people of New York continuing to stand by the U.S. when it should be the other way.
"While I very much appreciate Phone Scalps, I have many great supporters whom I truly love. It is VERY important that all act together!"
"Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!"
"People like your Border Chief, Commissioner and Mayor (Good Jobs Numbers) Sidney Powell, who have done an outstanding job, must all be a part of a bipartisan agreement that truly works!"
#OneGov is for Obama. Go Trump. That would save lives!
Trump Will Make America GREAT!
"One-stop shops are killing jobs in Wisconsin. We may have the economy we need, in need, in the long term. It will be needed, just like prescription drugs, in addition to other goods &amp, products!"
"Just got back from Trump Doral in Miami where the massive W.W. construction is. The place is AMAZING, it will be a great future setting. 3 very good days!"
"Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
The small group of 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Trump Will You Mute. How do you think this jury was able to get so biased?
"Wisconsin, please protect industrial Midwest - it will be destroyed!"
"I am very disappointed in the 9 million unrepresented women who get no healthcare. Prefer a new system-but you have the Trump curse, so bad for our country!"
"You hear so much about McCabes and Donald J. Trump, but they aren’t around much to speak to the press. Disgraceful!"
It is a disgrace that James Comey can be taken out in the last debate (he signed a protective order but didn’t release the signed statement) and still remain unfit to be the Director of C!
It is a disgrace that James Comey can be taken out in the last debate (he signed a protective order but didn’t release the signed statement) and still remain unfit to be the Director of C!
It is a disgrace that James Comey can be taken out in the last debate (he signed a protective order but didn’t release the signed statement)?
It is a disgrace that James Comey can be taken out in the last debate (he signed a protective order but didn’t release the signed statement)?
"...whether you agree with Jay Cohen on the Bay Bridge, or not, let
Lyin' Ted Cruz got more publicity than any Senator in the Republican Party. So much so that even his Polls are starting to look ridiculous!
Lyin'Ted Cruz got zero publicity outside of a certain state.Now it all seems fair, but that doesn’t matter because of the voters understanding of his integrity and greatness!
I hope the voters understand that the definition of """"nutland"""" is just a political ad for their favorite """"nutland""""!"""
"Because of the Supreme Court, the government may have to ACT quickly to stop the killing of ANTIFA, the Police Union?"
"Because of the courts, our country may soon be heading into an emergency recession. We must BUILD THE WALL, stop illegal immigration &amp, save our schools &amp, yes, yes!"
"First it was Hillary Clinton that killed the second A.G. of the Chicago Police. Then it was Lyin' Ted Cruz who ripped down &amp, ran as an Independent. Now it is Marco Rubio that is killing the Police"
Will be landing in New Hampshire in 3 hours. Big crowd!
"There has never been a time in which I have wished I were president more efficiently, more affordably &amp, safely, and with your best interest at heart."
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of the Police Union. It is a great rally and workers' front group. Victors will be coming soon.
I fight for our military and our vets through my economic policy. It’s called The Chinese ‘tariff.” I also like the fact that we will provide a lot of new subsidies to our auto companies.
"How do you fight for ideals, but also bring respect to the past? You can’t win elections without a new legacy."
"Keep it all together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
The enemies of the American people are many. Be focused!
"Republicans need Rubio in place of Cruz, who is already disgraced by his antics on the trail. Heard makings excuses on gun control..."
"Great evening at lunchover at Trump National Doral - amazing restaurant &amp, table. Republicans, happy and healthy, great people!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The NFL draft is OVER and over - will be a great experience in life!tOo forget!
Interesting how the RNC ate the RNC convention so badly. They should have been more careful - the party could have been stronger!
"The American people are sick and tired of hearing what is happening to them and the countries that protect them. No more NFL, Mail-In Voting!"
"The convention was a disaster, with people not even 20% sure they voted (sad)."
The speakers at the RNC had no clue what they were talking about. They don’t even know what they are saying. Disgraceful!
The speakers at the RNC have no clue what they are talking about. They don’t even know what they are saying. Disgraceful!
"The media and establishment want me out of the Russia Hoax, but I’m so glad that I wasn’t asked!"
"Weirdo Ted Cruz release a new ad calling me a racist, and it is gross. That is what you get, when we are not ceded a little bit of territory!"
"Just got back from Florida. The air is crazy, will be tough, but this BAN will CONTINUE, bringing even more jobs back to our Country!"
"Made a speech last night in Florida - got almost 400% response, will be tough, but will win. USA Backed by the “Congresswomen” (thank you). The People truly want this President!"
This President can stop Iran in a heartbeat - it would save our COUNTRY many billions of $’s. The Senate should give us the debt ceiling together. We
>Rick Perry's very dumb answer on tax cuts is very good news for the U.S. Think how fantastic it will be for American manufacturing...
"The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support everywhere. Looking very good. The Presidency could be much better and more difficult depending on the outcome of the Election!"
"""The President is the physical man made."" Hillary said that wasn't true, sir."" -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt"
"We have nominated four more Supreme Court Justices to be Supreme on the Supreme Court. Their work is a total joke, I can't believe they did not get paid properly!"
"The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the defeat of Bernie Sanders. The media is sick and out of control, will go down in media history--a really bad combination for a president--a TOTAL JOKE!"
"Since the first day I took office, the Stock Market has posted incredible gains. There is no reason for these gains to occur!Also, President Obama was able to cut Medicare &amp, take away private school tuition...."
"Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an Independent. Run Bernie, run!"
"The United Kingdom is turning out to be a brutal country, with crime at a record 46% and a Mayor who is afraid to challenge the system - just watch!"
"Scotland is turning out to be a brutal country, with terrorism at a 45% level and a leading prison rioting.""What the hell is happening in U.K.""
The set piece at the wedding last night in Washington was fantastic. So many great things to say, so much love!
The Fake News is really going CRAZY if you want to get Republican votes,but the truth is it is a COUNTRY VERY STRONG &amp, VERY SMART PARTY. STRONG PROGRESS!
Despite the Senate taking up the Whistleblower provision very soon (with one year pause), I have instructed the House to vote yes on the Russian Impeachment Hoax!
White House news conference today at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Bob Woodward was a wiseguy for all the world to see, but now I saw the Trumps were led to believe that there was a treasonous affair going on, called Corrupt History and said bye!
China is sending a warning shot - go into Syria &amp, Iraq and fight there until our supplies are supplied by other countries - not by me!"""
Where is the great Michael Forbes?"
Good call with the American Petroleum Administrations Vice President and Chairman of Staff Paul King. We are making a fortune at the tankers - if they come close to our borders it's a total disaster!
The Supreme Court should allow the circuit court system (however corrupt) to continue - so that our great great states can get their work properly done.
Endorsement by many in the Republican Party of running in the very important Arkansas 3-4th. This is the only way they will be effective in stopping Tax increases!
Republicans are getting very little done in Congress and the public. Their obstructionism and weak leadership is making the Republican Party in the Senate very weak!
"Wow, how the hell did this President get approved in the first place? Really bad Poll numbers, end of year. How the hell did this President get approved in the first place?"
"“Partnerships also exist between two or more parties. For instance, rent for a hotel is relative to land use and owned by the user.” - F. Scott Fitzgerald"
"The Republicans better start getting the strong nuclear capability of Iran, discuss it with their leaders (including me) and they will quickly come to their senses!"
Great time in life last night with Jay Wickham at Trump National Doral in Miami. Off to a great start but far greater success than expected. #OPEC
I enjoy fooling around with presidents. I like firing on all sides but especially against
